# CPSIC
Files for the Coronavirus Pandemic System Integrated Control

# Release3_Group2_CPSIC Folder Index
  A. Group2_SRS.pdf - SRS documentation for project.
  B. README.md - README file for project.
  C. \Include - folder containing .h and .cpp files
  D. \html - folder containing Doxygen documentation

# Member Comments
Jake Davis - As we work together to analyze and design our software, I feel incredibly good about the steps were taking. It feels like we're finally putting everything we learned to use. I have no problems with my group, as they're all talented and hard working, although it was easier to manage things when we could meet up. However, the remote development presents a very real life challenge that most of us will likely have to deal with in our future careers, and is a very learnable experience.

Robin Oster - The vision for the CPSIC becomes clearer and clearer the further into development we get, and the architecture seems to be evolving naturally into a more stable state. The inclusion of Bill and coronaInfo into systemAccess occured rather late in development (around April 1 I believe), which goes to show how important it is for an architecture to be flexible. In regards to how the work was broken up, I was responsible for the Statistics, coronaInfo, and systemAccess files, as well as the data dictionary, modelling the “Log New Patient”, “Visualize Information”,  “Update Throughout Network”, “Update Statistics”, and “Generate Alert" use cases, the use case diagram, and the revised class diagrams with operations, attributes, and descriptions. I think our team worked together pretty well, though things did get more difficult after the situation forced us to work remotely. As Jake said, remote development will likely become familiar to us going forward, so I consider it a good learning experience. 

Daniel Stephan - As we're getting closer to the end of the project, the end product is seeming more obtainable. Throughout the process, the team has worked together distributing the work evenly between members, setting mini-goals in between our final deadlines to ensure we are keeping on track. I was reponsible for the User, ksuPatient, and ksuFaculty files and I modelled multiple use cases. I also generated the Makefile and ran Doxygen to extract and produce the documentation from all our files, as well as packaging the project for release. It was much easier to collaborate when we were able to physically meet weekly, and moving forward we need to discover another way to discuss the project outside of normal class time. I don't believe I have been that great of a team leader on this project, however my teammates are amazing and able to compensate for my shortcomings. Remote development is popular in the software development world though, so learning this form of collaboration is going to provide great experience for future projects.

Jacob Gojkov - This project has been an eye opening experience. From someone who has never worked in a group or collaborated on a project before, and who thought that I would always have ended up working alone for everything I would do, I never would have expected to complete something like this with the amount of other responsibilities I have, nor would I have expected it to turn out as well as I believe this project has been. I'm thankful to have gotten this experience as it has woken me up to the fact that I cannot possibly do eveything on my own, but i won't have to. I believe that everyone has been doing an outstanding job fulfilling the responsibilities that they've been given with this project, and with the effort that they've committed and the work that they've put forward to achieve our end goal. I was tasked with completing the schedule file, modeling use cases, and doing research to discover the various directions we could have taken our project. Remote development does appear to be the way of the future; however, this has been a great opportunity to practice working with this method, and I don't believe it has been a hindrance on group performance. 
